[BEAM-8787] Contribution Guide Improvement (#14477)
apache/beam: website/www/site/content/en/contribute/_index.md

### Prerequisites

 - A GitHub account.
 - A Linux, macOS, or Microsoft Windows development environment

>  - Java JDK 8 installed

Reviewer: Is there an instruction here which we could link to here?
This usually requires a few steps.
Downloading and unpacking in an appropriate spot
Setting up a JAVA_HOME var
Verifying java -version is using java 8.

Author: The Java verification goes later described in the section **Development Setup**. 
Maybe these specific instructions could go in the Wiki  https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/BEAM/Java+Tips

### Prerequisites

>  - A GitHub account.

Reviewer: We should have this page on the it to the Wiki IMO.
And consolidate the overlap in Developer Guides tree
https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/BEAM/Developer+Guides

Java Tips, Python Tips, etc have setup instructions.
I recommend making a page on the wiki with setup instructions that setup everything (Java, Python, etc.)
Link to the other wiki pages, or port the contents to this main setup page.

Also, the wiki is easier to update when you have a suggestion (which I do pretty often).

Reviewer 2: First time contributors will probably come here first and I like having the basic/main instructions for contributors on the website. It's nicer to look at than the wiki with all the branding. We should definitely deduplicate the stuff between this and the wiki (removing stuff from the wiki) to avoid them drifting, probably as a separate task.

Having source control for this guide is a plus since we'll be forced to curate the info more carefully through explicit reviews.

We could also add a link here to the wiki for additional tips and troubleshooting topics.

Author: BTW, the link to the wiki is in the **Contribution FAQ** section.

 - A Linux, macOS, or Microsoft Windows development environment

>       - Required *only* For Windows:

Reviewer 2: I thought Java and Docker were required for all operating systems? E.g. the manual steps below include installing JAva 8.

Author: Sure. To keep consistency, we left the prerequisites as they used to be. Submitted new commit with corrections.

         - Java JDK 8 installed
         - [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) installed for some tasks including building worker containers and testing this website
   changes locally.
 - For SDK Development:
      - [Go](https://golang.org) 1.12 or later installed for Go SDK development
 - Python 3.6, 3.7, and 3.8. Yes, you need all three versions installed.

>       - Required *only* For Windows:

Reviewer 2: Same here. The manual steps include installing these tools.

Author: Ok

>         - pip, setuptools, virtualenv, and tox installed for Python development

Reviewer: These tools are also needed on linux/mac. Our python tips section asks you to use them
https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/BEAM/Python+Tips

I don't think they were automatically installed. I ran the setup instructions on that page a few months ago, and they worked for me.

Author: I've corrected and all prerequisites are needed for linux and mac.

 - For large contributions, a signed [Individual Contributor License
   Agreement](https://www.apache.org/licenses/icla.pdf) (ICLA) to the Apache
   Software Foundation (ASF).

### Configuration options

> You have two options for configuring your development environment:
> - Local: Debian-based Distribution
>     - Manual steps
>     - Automated script (*only* for Linux and macOS)
> - Container: Docker-based

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You have two options for configuring your development environment:
- Local:
    - Manually installing the prerequisites listed above.
    - Using the automated script for Linux and macOS.
- Container: using a Docker image.
```

#### Local: Debian-based Distribution

> ##### Manual steps

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure that we should list manual steps here. I'd like some input from others in the community on this though to confirm. /cc @TheNeuralBit @griscz @ajamato 

Since we're listing the prerequisites above, users can install them based on whatever OS tools they want. We also link to the installation script, which a user could either use or reference.

Author: I'll try to figure out how to include it in the wiki as the following comments suggest.

   docker-ce
```

2. On some systems, like Ubuntu 20.04, install these:

```
pip3 install grpcio-tools mypy-protobuf
```

3. If you you develop in GO:
    1. Install [Go](https://golang.org/doc/install).
    1. Check BEAM repo is in: `$GOPATH/src/github.com/apache/`
    1. At the end, it should look like this: `$GOPATH/src/github.com/apache/beam`
4. Once Go is installed, install goavro:

```
$ export GOPATH=`pwd`/sdks/go/examples/.gogradle/project_gopath
$ go get github.com/linkedin/goavro
```

**Important**: gLinux users should configure their machines for sudoless Docker.

##### Automated script for Linux and macOS

> You can install these in a Debian-based distribution for Linux or macOs using the [local-env-setup.sh](https://github.com/apache/beam/blob/master/local-env-setup.sh) script, which is part of the Beam repo. It contains:

Reviewer 3: This file doesn't exist. Is it being added in another PR? If so, could we add this section as part of that PR instead?

Author: Yes, added to [https://github.com/apache/beam/pull/14584](https://github.com/apache/beam/pull/14584 ) because [https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/BEAM-11608](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/BEAM-11608) intended to solve that. This PR only is intended for documentation improvements

Reviewer 3: Got it, thank you. 

Note that we build and deploy the Beam website continuously (every few hours) from this source. So shortly after we merge this PR the website will be updated accordingly. So if this PR is going to add a reference to local-env-setup.sh, I don't want to merge it until that script is actually available. We can either:
- Wait to merge this PR until #14584 is merged, or
- Split out the parts that reference local-env-setup.sh into a different PR, so we can go ahead and merge this one

Either way is fine with me, just let me know which you'd prefer

Reviewer 4: Hi, @tysonjh based on Brian's suggestions, which approach would like us to follow?

Reviewer 2: I'm in favor of waiting to merge.

   docker-ce
```

2. On some systems (like Ubuntu 20.04) these need to be installed also

```
pip3 install grpcio-tools mypy-protobuf
```

3. If you you develop in GO:
    1. Install [Go](https://golang.org/doc/install).
    1. Check BEAM repo is in: `$GOPATH/src/github.com/apache/`
    1. At the end, it should look like this: `$GOPATH/src/github.com/apache/beam`
4. Once Go is installed, install goavro:

```
$ export GOPATH=`pwd`/sdks/go/examples/.gogradle/project_gopath
$ go get github.com/linkedin/goavro
```

**Important**: gLinux users should configure their machines for sudoless Docker.

##### Automated script for Linux and macOS

You can install these in a Debian-based distribution for Linux or macOs using the [local-env-setup.sh](https://github.com/apache/beam/blob/master/local-env-setup.sh)

> script, which is part of the Beam repo:

Reviewer: I think it would help here if you would please describe which tools the script installs.
Or mention that the script will print a message or something about which tools its installing.

Author: I included this suggestion in the new commit.

       $ cd ~/go/src/github.com/apache
       $ git clone https://github.com/apache/beam
       $ cd beam

       - For Go development:
       We recommend putting it in your [`$GOPATH`](https://golang.org/doc/gopath_code#GOPATH) (`$HOME/go` by default on Unix systems).
          1. Clone the repo, and update your branch as normal
                  $ git clone https://github.com/apache/beam.git
                  $ cd beam
                  $ git remote add <GitHub_user> git@github.com:<GitHub_user>/beam.git
                  $ git fetch --all
          1. Get or Update all the Go SDK dependencies
                  $ go get -u ./...

1. Check the environment was setup correctly.
    - **Option 1**: Run independent checks:
        - For **Go development**:
          1. Execute:
```
export GOLANG_PROTOBUF_REGISTRATION_CONFLICT=ignore
./gradlew :sdks:go:examples:wordCount
```
        - For **Python development**:
          1. Activate your environment:
```
python3 -m venv ~/.virtualenvs/env
. ~/.virtualenvs/bin/activate
```
          2. Execute:
```
./gradlew :sdks:python:wordCount
```
        - For **Java development**:
          1. Execute:
```
./gradlew :examples:java:wordCount
```

>     - **Option 2**: validate the Go, Java, and Python environments:

Reviewer 2: I think this should be the first option.

Author: Good observation. Will change

```
./gradlew :checkSetUp
```

>         **Important**: Make sure you have activated Python development.

Reviewer 2: This tip should come before the command. You could say something like, 'Activate your python environment and then run:'.

Author: Done.

### Development Setup {#development-setup}

1. Check [Git workflow tips](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/BEAM/Git+Tips) if you need help with git forking, cloning, branching, committing, pull requests, and squashing commits.
1. Clone the git repository. You can download it anywhere you like.

       $ mkdir -p ~/go/src/github.com/apache
       $ cd ~/go/src/github.com/apache
       $ git clone https://github.com/apache/beam
       $ cd beam

       - For Go development:
       We recommend putting it in your [`$GOPATH`](https://golang.org/doc/gopath_code#GOPATH) (`$HOME/go` by default on Unix systems).
          1. Clone the repo, and update your branch as normal
                  $ git clone https://github.com/apache/beam.git
                  $ cd beam
                  $ git remote add <GitHub_user> git@github.com:<GitHub_user>/beam.git
                  $ git fetch --all
          1. Get or Update all the Go SDK dependencies
                  $ go get -u ./...

1. Check the environment was set up correctly.
    - **Option 1**: validate the Go, Java, and Python environments:

        **Important**: Make sure you have activated Python development.
```

> ./gradlew :checkSetUp

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
./gradlew :checkSetup
```
